user can login or register.
    If user needs to register, they will set up a username or password
    If username has already been taken, an error will be displayed
    Password requirements need to be stated and enforced
user logs in
    need to store these credentials in a secure way
display what rank the user currently is for the current round
achievements? seems way down the line of things to do.
    how many days logged in consecutively
    how many successful offensive actions (compared to failures)
    how many successful defensive actions (compared to failures)
    specific ranks - top 100, top 50, top 10, #1?
display the total number of users registered
display how many attack actions they have left that day
    number of attack actions available resets every 24 hours?
        or should a user be able to store their actions, up to a certain cap? don't want to punish people who can't
        play every day. But also don't want to give overwhelming imbalance of power to users who store their actions.
display a countdown to the next turn
display a countdown to the next round
display number of people in their nation
display number of people that will be generated on the next turn
display number of oil barrels they have stored
display number of people that will be generated on the next turn
display number of spies user has
display number of spies that will be generated on the next turn
display number of infiltration actions they have left
display offensive power (calculation)
    what kind of units will represent offensive power?
        hockey stick, AK-47, Sherman tank, F-22 Raptor, nuclear missile
display defensive power
        cardboard box, shield, reinforced bunker, Surface to Air Guided Weapon (SAGW), anti-ICBM
    what kind of units will represent defensive power?
display option to purchase offensive and defensive power
    how does the user earn money? Is that with barrels? Yes. This forces the user to either spend their barrels
    on offensive/defensive power, or to risk saving up their barrels in hopes they have enough power to defend it until
    they can purchase another capacity upgrade
display option to increase total amount of barrel storage for a high percentage of the owned barrels
display infrastructure stats
display option to upgrade infrastructure
    should this be in the same area as the offensive/defensive purchase options?
I don't know if I want to pit nation vs nation. What if I chose silly teams instead?

generate barrels on a short iteration
    how short? how many - how to calculate this in a meaningful way that will scale?
how to make sure users can only attack or be attacked by others will relatively similar power

actions
    user can attack other users to steal oil
    user can sabotage other users oil barrels
        what is the benefit of this? Increase "points" for this user? Successful attempts increase ability to sabotage
        without losing spies? what are the potential risks? Spies dying?
        how to calculate the success rate? Should be some chance, but primarily stat based?
    how often can I attack or sabotage the same user?

test data
    I need to either create temp variables that will initialize every time I run the program, or initialize my data in
    some other way. Mitch suggested serialization? I need to look that up.

Do I need methods that increase or decrease a player's population? What class should own that method?
What happens when one player attacks another?
In this class, what kind of datatype should I return? Do I just want to return a double? I'm actually changing
several things when attacking another player, such as the number of turns I now have left, a message of whether
or not the attack was successful, the level of success, and the results on both player's populations and oil
barrels

I need a way to obfuscate how much attack, defense and oil other users have, at some point. Users can discover
the strengths and weaknesses of other users through spies

Should I give the spies a training ground, so they can be more proficient?
Should I also have a counter-spy training ground and counter-spies? Or just upgrade the proficiencies in my
spies at the same place, but choosing "offense" and "defense"

Should weapons be their own classes?
Weapons are owned by players.
A player must have enough at least 1 population for each weapon in order to equip/use the weapon, no matter the weapon
Nations/teams should have their own bonuses. How to make them each unique and desirable?
Should weapons have durability? If so, can they repair them for a price of oil? Would it be better to buy new ones, or
repair existing ones?
Should the number of population directly influence the number of barrels of oil produced per turn?

increased attack
increased defense
increased spy generation
increased oil generation?

should I have several automated players?

how do I make this as simple as possible, to start? I just need it up and running, then I can make design changes.
I need to display the players the current player can attack.
I need input from the user on which player they want to attack.
I need to display the results of that attack.

that's it in a nutshell.
